{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 STIXTwoMath-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green108\blue217;\red253\green176\blue54;
\red13\green14\blue18;\red255\green255\blue255;\red66\green222\blue255;\red187\green133\blue255;\red252\green83\blue89;
\red252\green49\blue59;\red222\green105\blue27;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c10980\c51373\c88235;\cssrgb\c100000\c74118\c27059;
\cssrgb\c5490\c6667\c9020;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c29412\c89412\c100000;\cssrgb\c78431\c61569\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c42353\c42353;
\cssrgb\c100000\c29412\c29412;\cssrgb\c90196\c49412\c13333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Error installing requirements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 Click "Manage App" and consult the terminal for more details.\
If you still have questions, leave a message in{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://discuss.streamlit.io/c/13"}}{\fldrslt \cf3  our forums}} and we will get back to you ASAP.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 [ \uc0\u8201 \u8201 \u8197 \u8197 UTC\u8197 \u8197 \u8201 \u8201  ]\cf6  Logs for sj-professional-directory-x6dmtyitsdmrdvedutsccg.streamlit.app/\cb1 \
\cb5 \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:45]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56741 
\f0  Provisioning machine...\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:45]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57243 
\f0  Preparing system...\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:45]\cf6  
\f2 \uc0\u9939 
\f0  Spinning up manager process...\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:44]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56960 
\f0  Starting up repository: 'sj-professional-directory', branch: 'main', main module: 'streamlit_app.py'\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:44]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56345 
\f0  Cloning repository...\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:45]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56345 
\f0  Cloning into '/mount/src/sj-professional-directory'...\
Warning: Permanently added the ED25519 host key for IP address '140.82.116.3' to the list of known hosts.\
\cf4 [04:26:45]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56345 
\f0  Cloned repository!\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:45]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56345 
\f0  Pulling code changes from Github...\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:46]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56550 
\f0  Processing dependencies...\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:26:46]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56550 
\f0  Apt dependencies were installed from \cf7 /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/packages.txt\cf6  using \cf7 apt-get\cf6 .\cb1 \
\cb5 Hit:1 http://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye InRelease\cb1 \
\cb5 Get:2 http://deb.debian.org/debian-security bullseye-security InRelease [27.2 kB]\cb1 \
\cb5 Hit:3 http://deb.debian.org/debian bullseye-updates InRelease\cb1 \
\cb5 Get:4 https://packages.microsoft.com/debian/11/prod bullseye InRelease [3650 B]\cb1 \
\cb5 Get:5 http://deb.debian.org/debian-security bullseye-security/main amd64 Packages [392 kB]\cb1 \
\cb5 Get:6 https://packages.microsoft.com/debian/11/prod bullseye/main arm64 Packages [52.2 kB]\cb1 \
\cb5 Get:7 https://packages.microsoft.com/debian/11/prod bullseye/main amd64 Packages [204 kB]\cb1 \
\cb5 Fetched 680 kB in 1s (887 kB/s)\cb1 \
\cb5 Reading package lists...[2025-08-31 04:26:48.518344] \cb1 \
\cb5 Reading package lists...[2025-08-31 04:26:49.112776] \cb1 \
\cb5 Building dependency tree...[2025-08-31 04:26:49.248420] \cb1 \
\cb5 Reading state information...[2025-08-31 04:26:49.249587] \cb1 \
\cb5 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 2 not upgraded.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb5 \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472  uv \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \cf6 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb5 Using uv pip install.\cb1 \
\cb5 Using Python 3.13.6 environment at /home/adminuser/venv\cb1 \
\cb5 Resolved 112 packages in 1.10s\cb1 \
\cb5   \'d7 Failed to download and build `lxml==4.9.3`\cb1 \
\cb5   
\f3 \'a8\'74
\f0 \uc0\u9472 
\f4 \uc0\u9654 
\f0  Build backend failed to determine requirements with `build_wheel()`\cb1 \
\cb5       (exit status: 1)\cb1 \
\
\cb5       [stdout]\cb1 \
\cb5       Building lxml version 4.9.3.\cb1 \
\cb5       Building without Cython.\cb1 \
\cb5       Error: Please make sure the libxml2 and libxslt development packages\cb1 \
\cb5       are installed.\cb1 \
\
\cb5       [stderr]\cb1 \
\cb5       <string>:67: UserWarning: pkg_resources is deprecated as an API.\cb1 \
\cb5       See https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/pkg_resources.html. The\cb1 \
\cb5       pkg_resources package is slated for removal as early as 2025-11-30.\cb1 \
\cb5       Refrain from using this package or pin to Setuptools<81.\cb1 \
\
\cb5 Checking if Streamlit is installed\cb1 \
\cb5 Installing rich for an improved exception logging\cb1 \
\cb5 Using uv pip install.\cb1 \
\cb5 Using Python 3.13.6 environment at /home/adminuser/venv\cb1 \
\cb5 Resolved 4 packages in 130ms\cb1 \
\cb5 Prepared 4 packages in 105ms\cb1 \
\cb5 Installed 4 packages in 19ms\cb1 \
\cb5  + markdown-it-py==4.0.0\cb1 \
\cb5  + mdurl==0.1.2[2025-08-31 04:26:56.457086] \cb1 \
\cb5  + pygments==2.19.2\cb1 \
\cb5  + rich==14.1.0\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb5 \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \cf6 \cb1 \
\
\
\cf8 \cb5 \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472  pip \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \cf6 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb5 Using standard pip install.\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting streamlit>=1.28.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 5))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading streamlit-1.49.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (9.5 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting flask==2.3.3 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 6))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading flask-2.3.3-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.6 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting flask-cors==4.0.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 7))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading Flask_Cors-4.0.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (5.4 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting pandas>=2.2.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 13))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading pandas-2.3.2-cp313-cp313-manylinux_2_17_x86_64.manylinux2014_x86_64.whl.metadata (91 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5      \uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  91.2/91.2 kB 6.4 MB/s eta 0:00:00\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting xlrd==2.0.1 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 14))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading xlrd-2.0.1-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.4 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting openpyxl>=3.1.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 15))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading openpyxl-3.1.5-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.5 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting python-docx>=0.8.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 16))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading python_docx-1.2.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.0 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting nltk==3.8.1 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 24))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading nltk-3.8.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.8 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 25))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading fuzzywuzzy-0.18.0-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (4.9 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting python-levenshtein==0.21.1 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 26))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading python_Levenshtein-0.21.1-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (3.8 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting numpy>=1.26.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 29))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading numpy-2.3.2-cp313-cp313-manylinux_2_27_x86_64.manylinux_2_28_x86_64.whl.metadata (62 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5      \uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  62.1/62.1 kB 150.6 MB/s eta 0:00:00[2025-08-31 04:26:58.322363] \cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting dateparser==1.1.8 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 30))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading dateparser-1.1.8-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (27 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting phonenumbers==8.13.19 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 31))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading phonenumbers-8.13.19-py2.py3-none-any.whl.metadata (11 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting scikit-learn==1.3.0 (from -r /mount/src/sj-professional-directory/requirements.txt (line 34))\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading scikit-learn-1.3.0.tar.gz (7.5 MB)\cb1 \
\cb5      \uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  7.5/7.5 MB 132.4 MB/s eta 0:00:00[2025-08-31 04:26:58.670202] \cb1 \
\cb5   Installing build dependencies: started\cb1 \
\cb5   Installing build dependencies: finished with status 'done'\cb1 \
\cb5   Getting requirements to build wheel: started\cb1 \
\cb5   Getting requirements to build wheel: finished with status 'done'\cb1 \
\cb5   Preparing metadata (pyproject.toml): started\cb1 \
\cb5   Preparing metadata (pyproject.toml): still running...\cb1 \
\cb5   Preparing metadata (pyproject.toml): finished with status 'error'\cb1 \
\cb5   error: subprocess-exited-with-error\cb1 \
\cb5   \cb1 \
\cb5   \'d7 Preparing metadata (pyproject.toml) did not run successfully.\cb1 \
\cb5   \uc0\u9474  exit code: 1\cb1 \
\cb5   
\f3 \'a8\'74
\f0 \uc0\u9472 > [763 lines of output]\cb1 \
\cb5       Partial import of sklearn during the build process.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/__check_build/_check_build.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/_isotonic.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/_loss/_loss.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_dbscan_inner.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_hierarchical_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_k_means_common.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_k_means_lloyd.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_k_means_elkan.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_k_means_minibatch.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_hdbscan/_linkage.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_hdbscan/_reachability.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/cluster/_hdbscan/_tree.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/datasets/_svmlight_format_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/decomposition/_online_lda_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/decomposition/_cdnmf_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_gradient_boosting.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_gradient_boosting.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/histogram.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/splitting.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_binning.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_predictor.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_bitset.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/common.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/utils.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/feature_extraction/_hashing_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/linear_model/_cd_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/linear_model/_sgd_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/linear_model/_sag_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/manifold/_utils.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/manifold/_barnes_hut_tsne.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_dist_metrics.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/cluster/_expected_mutual_info_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_datasets_pair.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_middle_term_computer.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_base.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_argkmin.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_argkmin_classmode.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_radius_neighbors.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/preprocessing/_csr_polynomial_expansion.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/preprocessing/_target_encoder_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/neighbors/_ball_tree.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/neighbors/_kd_tree.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/neighbors/_partition_nodes.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/neighbors/_quad_tree.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/svm/_newrand.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/svm/_libsvm.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/svm/_liblinear.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/svm/_libsvm_sparse.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/tree/_tree.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/tree/_splitter.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/tree/_criterion.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/tree/_utils.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/sparsefuncs_fast.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_cython_blas.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/arrayfuncs.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/murmurhash.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_fast_dict.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_openmp_helpers.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_seq_dataset.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_weight_vector.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_random.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_logistic_sigmoid.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_typedefs.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_heap.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_sorting.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_vector_sentinel.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       Compiling sklearn/utils/_isfinite.pyx because it changed.\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # particularly tiny on Windows/MSVC.\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:19:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:20:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       Traceback (most recent call last):\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1306, in cythonize_one_helper\cb1 \
\cb5           return cythonize_one(*m)\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1298, in cythonize_one\cb1 \
\cb5           raise CompileError(None, pyx_file)\cb1 \
\cb5       Cython.Compiler.Errors.CompileError: sklearn/linear_model/_cd_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/metrics/_dist_metrics.pyx:725:44: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/metrics/_dist_metrics.pyx:788:40: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/metrics/_dist_metrics.pyx:3297:44: Assigning to 'float32_t *' from 'const float32_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/metrics/_dist_metrics.pyx:3360:40: Assigning to 'float32_t *' from 'const float32_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_middle_term_computer.pyx:61:0: Exception check on '_middle_term_sparse_dense_64' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '_middle_term_sparse_dense_64' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on '_middle_term_sparse_dense_64' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_middle_term_computer.pyx:565:0: Exception check on '_middle_term_sparse_dense_32' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '_middle_term_sparse_dense_32' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on '_middle_term_sparse_dense_32' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_middle_term_computer.pyx:550:36: Exception check after calling '_middle_term_sparse_dense_64' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '_middle_term_sparse_dense_64' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on '_middle_term_sparse_dense_64' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_middle_term_computer.pyx:1088:36: Exception check after calling '_middle_term_sparse_dense_32' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '_middle_term_sparse_dense_32' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on '_middle_term_sparse_dense_32' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1035:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1036:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1160:17: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1292:13: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1599:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1647:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1648:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1701:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1702:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1797:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1798:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1800:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1801:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1883:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1884:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1970:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1974:28: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1975:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1976:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2132:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2133:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2138:28: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2139:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2255:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2256:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2305:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2306:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2307:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2308:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_ball_tree.pyx:64:4: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_ball_tree.pyx:65:4: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_ball_tree.pyx:66:4: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_ball_tree.pyx:72:24: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1035:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1036:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1160:17: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1292:13: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1599:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1647:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1648:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1701:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1702:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1797:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1798:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1800:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1801:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1883:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1884:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1970:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1974:28: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1975:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:1976:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2132:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2133:8: Assigning to 'NodeData_t *' from 'const NodeData_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2138:28: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2139:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2255:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2256:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2305:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2306:8: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2307:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_binary_tree.pxi:2308:8: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_kd_tree.pyx:46:4: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_kd_tree.pyx:47:4: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_kd_tree.pyx:48:4: Assigning to 'float64_t *' from 'const float64_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/neighbors/_kd_tree.pyx:49:4: Assigning to 'intp_t *' from 'const intp_t *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/neighbors/_quad_tree.pyx:592:20: Exception check after calling '__pyx_fuse_7safe_realloc' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '__pyx_fuse_7safe_realloc' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Declare any exception value explicitly for functions in pxd files.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/preprocessing/_csr_polynomial_expansion.pyx:159:0: Exception check on '_csr_polynomial_expansion' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '_csr_polynomial_expansion' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on '_csr_polynomial_expansion' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/tree/_splitter.pyx:233:0: Exception check on 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/tree/_splitter.pyx:494:48: Exception check after calling 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/tree/_splitter.pyx:494:48: Exception check after calling 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Use an 'int' return type on 'shift_missing_values_to_left_if_required' to allow an error code to be returned.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/tree/_tree.pyx:757:20: Exception check after calling '__pyx_fuse_6safe_realloc' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '__pyx_fuse_6safe_realloc' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Declare any exception value explicitly for functions in pxd files.\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/tree/_tree.pyx:758:20: Exception check after calling '__pyx_fuse_4safe_realloc' will always require the GIL to be acquired.\cb1 \
\cb5       Possible solutions:\cb1 \
\cb5           1. Declare '__pyx_fuse_4safe_realloc' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5           2. Declare any exception value explicitly for functions in pxd files.\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # particularly tiny on Windows/MSVC.\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:19:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:20:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       performance hint: sklearn/tree/_utils.pyx:25:0: Exception check on 'safe_realloc' will always require the GIL to be acquired. Declare 'safe_realloc' as 'noexcept' if you control the definition and you're sure you don't want the function to raise exceptions.\cb1 \
\cb5       Traceback (most recent call last):\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1306, in cythonize_one_helper\cb1 \
\cb5           return cythonize_one(*m)\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1298, in cythonize_one\cb1 \
\cb5           raise CompileError(None, pyx_file)\cb1 \
\cb5       Cython.Compiler.Errors.CompileError: sklearn/tree/_utils.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # particularly tiny on Windows/MSVC.\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:19:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:20:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5       from . import check_random_state\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cdef UINT32_t DEFAULT_SEED = 1\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_check_input(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                                     ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:22:46: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cdef UINT32_t DEFAULT_SEED = 1\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_check_input(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                                     cnp.int_t n_samples):\cb1 \
\cb5                                                     ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:23:46: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5                                'n_samples, got n_samples > n_population (%s > %s)'\cb1 \
\cb5                                % (n_samples, n_population))\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_with_tracking_selection(\cb1 \
\cb5               cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5               ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:36:8: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5                                % (n_samples, n_population))\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_with_tracking_selection(\cb1 \
\cb5               cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5               cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5               ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:37:8: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5               out[i] = j\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           return np.asarray(out)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_with_pool(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                                   ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:100:44: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           return np.asarray(out)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_with_pool(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                                   cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5                                                   ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:101:44: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           return np.asarray(out)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_with_reservoir_sampling(\cb1 \
\cb5           cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5           ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:157:4: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           return np.asarray(out)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef _sample_without_replacement_with_reservoir_sampling(\cb1 \
\cb5           cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5           cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5           ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:158:4: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5                   out[j] = i\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           return np.asarray(out)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:216:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           return np.asarray(out)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:217:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           out : ndarray of shape (n_samples,)\cb1 \
\cb5               The sampled subsets of integer.\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:79:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5               The sampled subsets of integer.\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t j\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:80:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t j\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t[::1] out = np.empty((n_samples, ), dtype=int)\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:81:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           out : ndarray of shape (n_samples,)\cb1 \
\cb5               The sampled subsets of integer.\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:134:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5               The sampled subsets of integer.\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t j\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:135:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t j\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t[::1] out = np.empty((n_samples,), dtype=int)\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:136:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t j\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t[::1] out = np.empty((n_samples,), dtype=int)\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t[::1] pool = np.empty((n_population,), dtype=int)\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:137:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5               necessarily random. Use a random permutation of the array if the order\cb1 \
\cb5               of the items has to be randomized.\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:194:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5               of the items has to be randomized.\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t j\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:195:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           """\cb1 \
\cb5           _sample_without_replacement_check_input(n_population, n_samples)\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t i\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t j\cb1 \
\cb5           cdef cnp.int_t[::1] out = np.empty((n_samples, ), dtype=int)\cb1 \
\cb5                ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:196:9: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # 054289.html\cb1 \
\cb5           #\cb1 \
\cb5           for i in range(n_samples):\cb1 \
\cb5               out[i] = i\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5           for i from n_samples <= i < n_population:\cb1 \
\cb5           ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pyx:208:4: Compiler crash in AnalyseExpressionsTransform\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       ModuleNode.body = StatListNode(_random.pyx:13:0)\cb1 \
\cb5       StatListNode.stats[8] = StatListNode(_random.pyx:156:0)\cb1 \
\cb5       StatListNode.stats[0] = CFuncDefNode(_random.pyx:156:0,\cb1 \
\cb5           args = [...]/3,\cb1 \
\cb5           c_compile_guard = '',\cb1 \
\cb5           doc = 'Sample integers without replacement.\\n\\n    Select n_samples integers from the set [0, n_population) without\\n    replacement.\\n\\n    Time complexity of\\n        O((n_population - n_samples) * O(np.random.randint) + n_samples)\\n    Space complexity of O(n_samples)\\n\\n\\n    Parameters\\n    ----------\\n    n_population : int\\n        The size of the set to sample from.\\n\\n    n_samples : int\\n         The number of integer to sample.\\n\\n    random_state : int, RandomState instance or None, default=None\\n        If int, random_state is the seed used by the random number generator;\\n        If RandomState instance, random_state is the random number generator;\\n        If None, the random number generator is the RandomState instance used\\n        by `np.random`.\\n\\n    Returns\\n    -------\\n    out : ndarray of shape (n_samples,)\\n        The sampled subsets of integer. The order of the items is not\\n        necessarily random. Use a random permutation of the array if the order\\n        of the items has to be randomized.\\n    ',\cb1 \
\cb5           modifiers = [...]/0,\cb1 \
\cb5           outer_attrs = [...]/2,\cb1 \
\cb5           overridable = True,\cb1 \
\cb5           visibility = 'private')\cb1 \
\cb5       File 'Nodes.py', line 409, in analyse_expressions: StatListNode(_random.pyx:161:4,\cb1 \
\cb5           is_terminator = True)\cb1 \
\cb5       File 'Nodes.py', line 7834, in analyse_expressions: ForFromStatNode(_random.pyx:208:4,\cb1 \
\cb5           relation1 = '<=',\cb1 \
\cb5           relation2 = '<')\cb1 \
\cb5       File 'Nodes.py', line 7856, in set_up_loop: ForFromStatNode(_random.pyx:208:4,\cb1 \
\cb5           relation1 = '<=',\cb1 \
\cb5           relation2 = '<')\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Compiler crash traceback from this point on:\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Nodes.py", line 7856, in set_up_loop\cb1 \
\cb5           loop_type = PyrexTypes.widest_numeric_type(loop_type, self.bound1.type)\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/PyrexTypes.py", line 5381, in widest_numeric_type\cb1 \
\cb5           elif type1.rank < type2.rank:\cb1 \
\cb5                             ^^^^^^^^^^\cb1 \
\cb5       AttributeError: 'ErrorType' object has no attribute 'rank'\cb1 \
\cb5       Traceback (most recent call last):\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1306, in cythonize_one_helper\cb1 \
\cb5           return cythonize_one(*m)\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1298, in cythonize_one\cb1 \
\cb5           raise CompileError(None, pyx_file)\cb1 \
\cb5       Cython.Compiler.Errors.CompileError: sklearn/utils/_random.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # particularly tiny on Windows/MSVC.\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:19:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Error compiling Cython file:\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       ...\cb1 \
\cb5           # It corresponds to the maximum representable value for\cb1 \
\cb5           # 32-bit signed integers (i.e. 2^31 - 1).\cb1 \
\cb5           RAND_R_MAX = 0x7FFFFFFF\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       cpdef sample_without_replacement(cnp.int_t n_population,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        cnp.int_t n_samples,\cb1 \
\cb5                                        ^\cb1 \
\cb5       ------------------------------------------------------------\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       sklearn/utils/_random.pxd:20:33: 'int_t' is not a type identifier\cb1 \
\cb5       Traceback (most recent call last):\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1306, in cythonize_one_helper\cb1 \
\cb5           return cythonize_one(*m)\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1298, in cythonize_one\cb1 \
\cb5           raise CompileError(None, pyx_file)\cb1 \
\cb5       Cython.Compiler.Errors.CompileError: sklearn/utils/_seq_dataset.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/utils/arrayfuncs.pyx:47:18: Assigning to 'float *' from 'const float *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/utils/arrayfuncs.pyx:52:18: Assigning to 'float *' from 'const float *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/utils/arrayfuncs.pyx:47:18: Assigning to 'double *' from 'const double *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       warning: sklearn/utils/arrayfuncs.pyx:52:18: Assigning to 'double *' from 'const double *' discards const qualifier\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 1/68] Cythonizing sklearn/__check_build/_check_build.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 2/68] Cythonizing sklearn/_isotonic.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 3/68] Cythonizing sklearn/_loss/_loss.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 4/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_dbscan_inner.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 5/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_hdbscan/_linkage.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 6/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_hdbscan/_reachability.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 7/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_hdbscan/_tree.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 8/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_hierarchical_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [ 9/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_k_means_common.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [10/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_k_means_elkan.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [11/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_k_means_lloyd.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [12/68] Cythonizing sklearn/cluster/_k_means_minibatch.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [13/68] Cythonizing sklearn/datasets/_svmlight_format_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [14/68] Cythonizing sklearn/decomposition/_cdnmf_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [15/68] Cythonizing sklearn/decomposition/_online_lda_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [16/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_gradient_boosting.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [17/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_binning.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [18/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_bitset.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [19/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_gradient_boosting.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [20/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/_predictor.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [21/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/common.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [22/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/histogram.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [23/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/splitting.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [24/68] Cythonizing sklearn/ensemble/_hist_gradient_boosting/utils.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [25/68] Cythonizing sklearn/feature_extraction/_hashing_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [26/68] Cythonizing sklearn/linear_model/_cd_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [27/68] Cythonizing sklearn/linear_model/_sag_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [28/68] Cythonizing sklearn/linear_model/_sgd_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [29/68] Cythonizing sklearn/manifold/_barnes_hut_tsne.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [30/68] Cythonizing sklearn/manifold/_utils.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [31/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_dist_metrics.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [32/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_argkmin.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [33/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_argkmin_classmode.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [34/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_base.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [35/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_datasets_pair.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [36/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_middle_term_computer.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [37/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_distances_reduction/_radius_neighbors.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [38/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/_pairwise_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [39/68] Cythonizing sklearn/metrics/cluster/_expected_mutual_info_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [40/68] Cythonizing sklearn/neighbors/_ball_tree.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [41/68] Cythonizing sklearn/neighbors/_kd_tree.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [42/68] Cythonizing sklearn/neighbors/_partition_nodes.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [43/68] Cythonizing sklearn/neighbors/_quad_tree.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [44/68] Cythonizing sklearn/preprocessing/_csr_polynomial_expansion.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [45/68] Cythonizing sklearn/preprocessing/_target_encoder_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [46/68] Cythonizing sklearn/svm/_liblinear.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [47/68] Cythonizing sklearn/svm/_libsvm.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [48/68] Cythonizing sklearn/svm/_libsvm_sparse.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [49/68] Cythonizing sklearn/svm/_newrand.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [50/68] Cythonizing sklearn/tree/_criterion.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [51/68] Cythonizing sklearn/tree/_splitter.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [52/68] Cythonizing sklearn/tree/_tree.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [53/68] Cythonizing sklearn/tree/_utils.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [54/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_cython_blas.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [55/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_fast_dict.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [56/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_heap.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [57/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_isfinite.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [58/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_logistic_sigmoid.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [59/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_openmp_helpers.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [60/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_random.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [61/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_seq_dataset.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [62/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_sorting.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [63/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_typedefs.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [64/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_vector_sentinel.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [65/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/_weight_vector.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [66/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/arrayfuncs.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [67/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/murmurhash.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [68/68] Cythonizing sklearn/utils/sparsefuncs_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       multiprocessing.pool.RemoteTraceback:\cb1 \
\cb5       """\cb1 \
\cb5       Traceback (most recent call last):\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/usr/local/lib/python3.13/multiprocessing/pool.py", line 125, in worker\cb1 \
\cb5           result = (True, func(*args, **kwds))\cb1 \
\cb5                           ~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/usr/local/lib/python3.13/multiprocessing/pool.py", line 48, in mapstar\cb1 \
\cb5           return list(map(*args))\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1306, in cythonize_one_helper\cb1 \
\cb5           return cythonize_one(*m)\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1298, in cythonize_one\cb1 \
\cb5           raise CompileError(None, pyx_file)\cb1 \
\cb5       Cython.Compiler.Errors.CompileError: sklearn/linear_model/_cd_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       """\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       The above exception was the direct cause of the following exception:\cb1 \
\cb5       \cb1 \
\cb5       Traceback (most recent call last):\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/home/adminuser/venv/lib/python3.13/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_in_process/_in_process.py", line 353, in <module>\cb1 \
\cb5           main()\cb1 \
\cb5           ~~~~^^\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/home/adminuser/venv/lib/python3.13/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_in_process/_in_process.py", line 335, in main\cb1 \
\cb5           json_out['return_val'] = hook(**hook_input['kwargs'])\cb1 \
\cb5                                    ~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/home/adminuser/venv/lib/python3.13/site-packages/pip/_vendor/pyproject_hooks/_in_process/_in_process.py", line 149, in prepare_metadata_for_build_wheel\cb1 \
\cb5           return hook(metadata_directory, config_settings)\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/setuptools/build_meta.py", line 374, in prepare_metadata_for_build_wheel\cb1 \
\cb5           self.run_setup()\cb1 \
\cb5           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/setuptools/build_meta.py", line 512, in run_setup\cb1 \
\cb5           super().run_setup(setup_script=setup_script)\cb1 \
\cb5           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/setuptools/build_meta.py", line 317, in run_setup\cb1 \
\cb5           exec(code, locals())\cb1 \
\cb5           ~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\cb1 \
\cb5         File "<string>", line 626, in <module>\cb1 \
\cb5         File "<string>", line 620, in setup_package\cb1 \
\cb5         File "<string>", line 554, in configure_extension_modules\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-install-rvhhu97s/scikit-learn_35cee4abddfa44a0aa32dc9a19b32f2d/sklearn/_build_utils/__init__.py", line 80, in cythonize_extensions\cb1 \
\cb5           return cythonize(\cb1 \
\cb5               extension,\cb1 \
\cb5               nthreads=n_jobs,\cb1 \
\cb5               compiler_directives=compiler_directives,\cb1 \
\cb5           )\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/tmp/pip-build-env-q9asj60g/overlay/lib/python3.13/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py", line 1145, in cythonize\cb1 \
\cb5           result.get(99999)  # seconds\cb1 \
\cb5           ~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^\cb1 \
\cb5         File "/usr/local/lib/python3.13/multiprocessing/pool.py", line 774, in get\cb1 \
\cb5           raise self._value\cb1 \
\cb5       Cython.Compiler.Errors.CompileError: sklearn/linear_model/_cd_fast.pyx\cb1 \
\cb5       [end of output]\cb1 \
\cb5   \cb1 \
\cb5   note: This error originates from a subprocess, and is likely not a problem with pip.\cb1 \
\cb5 error: metadata-generation-failed\cb1 \
\
\cb5 \'d7 Encountered error while generating package metadata.\cb1 \

\f3 \cb5 \'a8\'74
\f0 \uc0\u9472 > See above for output.\cb1 \
\
\cb5 note: This is an issue with the package mentioned above, not pip.\cb1 \
\cb5 hint: See above for details.\cb1 \
\
\cb5 [notice] A new release of pip is available: 24.0 -> 25.2\cb1 \
\cb5 [notice] To update, run: pip install --upgrade pip\cb1 \
\cb5 Checking if Streamlit is installed\cb1 \
\cb5 Installing rich for an improved exception logging\cb1 \
\cb5 Using standard pip install.\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting rich>=10.14.0\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading rich-14.1.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (18 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting markdown-it-py>=2.2.0 (from rich>=10.14.0)\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading markdown_it_py-4.0.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (7.3 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting pygments<3.0.0,>=2.13.0 (from rich>=10.14.0)\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading pygments-2.19.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (2.5 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Collecting mdurl~=0.1 (from markdown-it-py>=2.2.0->rich>=10.14.0)\cb1 \
\cb5   Downloading mdurl-0.1.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (1.6 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Downloading rich-14.1.0-py3-none-any.whl (243 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5    \uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  243.4/243.4 kB 14.4 MB/s eta 0:00:00[2025-08-31 04:28:40.899358] \cb1 \
\cb5 Downloading markdown_it_py-4.0.0-py3-none-any.whl (87 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5    \uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  87.3/87.3 kB 205.4 MB/s eta 0:00:00[2025-08-31 04:28:40.910653] \cb1 \
\cb5 Downloading pygments-2.19.2-py3-none-any.whl (1.2 MB)\cb1 \
\cb5    \uc0\u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473 \u9473  1.2/1.2 MB 89.7 MB/s eta 0:00:00[2025-08-31 04:28:40.935275] \cb1 \
\cb5 Downloading mdurl-0.1.2-py3-none-any.whl (10.0 kB)\cb1 \
\cb5 Installing collected packages: pygments, mdurl, markdown-it-py, rich\cb1 \
\cb5   Attempting uninstall: pygments\cb1 \
\cb5     Found existing installation: Pygments 2.19.2\cb1 \
\cb5     Uninstalling Pygments-2.19.2:\cb1 \
\cb5       Successfully uninstalled Pygments-2.19.2\cb1 \
\cb5   Attempting uninstall: mdurl\cb1 \
\cb5     Found existing installation: mdurl 0.1.2\cb1 \
\cb5     Uninstalling mdurl-0.1.2:\cb1 \
\cb5       Successfully uninstalled mdurl-0.1.2\cb1 \
\cb5   Attempting uninstall: markdown-it-py\cb1 \
\cb5     Found existing installation: markdown-it-py 4.0.0\cb1 \
\cb5     Uninstalling markdown-it-py-4.0.0:\cb1 \
\cb5       Successfully uninstalled markdown-it-py-4.0.0\cb1 \
\cb5   Attempting uninstall: rich\cb1 \
\cb5     Found existing installation: rich 14.1.0\cb1 \
\cb5     Uninstalling rich-14.1.0:\cb1 \
\cb5       Successfully uninstalled rich-14.1.0\cb1 \
\cb5 Successfully installed markdown-it-py-4.0.0 mdurl-0.1.2 pygments-2.19.2 rich-14.1.0\cb1 \
\
\cb5 [notice] A new release of pip is available: 24.0 -> 25.2\cb1 \
\cb5 [notice] To update, run: pip install --upgrade pip\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb5 \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \cf6 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 [04:28:42]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u10071 \u65039 
\f0  installer returned a non-zero exit code\cb1 \
\cf4 \cb5 [04:28:42]\cf6  
\f1 \uc0\u10071 \u65039 
\f0  Error during processing dependencies! Please fix the error and push an update, or try restarting the app.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf6 \cb9 main\cb1 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4605\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb10 rastapatot/sj-professional-directory/main/streamlit_app.py\cb1 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf6 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs34\fsmilli17250 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs27\fsmilli13800 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb11 Status embed installed correctly\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs23 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb11 This will be shown if an incident or maintenance is posted on your status page.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.streamlitstatus.com/?utm_source=embed"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs27\fsmilli13800 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \cb11 \ul \ulc6 View latest updates}}
\fs27\fsmilli13800 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12650 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf6 \
}